a head Rises like a periscope big liquid
eyes lock onto mine watching me with a
calm intransitive attention
I see pups less than a day old swimming
on the first high tide of their birth
two males spar with one another in a
blubbery battle for rule of the
foreshore I can understand why seals
have long figured in the folklore of our
coastal fringes as possessing an uncanny
double nature in between creatures half
human and half marine the common seals
that live here are incredible colors
russet
copper's burnished browns
these colors are the result of the mud
on which they haul out its London clay
naturally rich in iron oxide rust
basically
wild creatures stained the color of iron
and industry
you